I thought I'd jot down some of the Linux commands that I've come across so far, analyze them, then go over my most favorite and least favorite command.
I feel as if writing this out would help uncover some strengths and weaknesses that I'm not yet aware of.

~~~ 
ls, cp, mv, rm, mkdir, rmdir, cat, less, more, head, tail, grep, chmod, chown, chgrp, uname,
top, ping, ifconfig, netstat, traceroute, wget, curl, kill, pkill, killall, apt, dpkg, 
useradd, usermod, userdel, passwd, nmap, aircrack, metasploit, tar, gzip
~~~


Favorite: nmap
- I love the idea of scanning multiple areas within a network with the goal of searching for open services, versions, and operating systems.
It creates an interesting maze of opportunities that can lead to exploration and eventually satisfying discoveries.
The amount of information returned is amazing and will definitely be useful for me whenever I finally try out pentesting. 
Apparently, searching for a simple bug can sometimes be difficult and frustrating... but I'm ready for the challenge!! Come at me 😂

Least Favorite: ping
- Ping... Oh man, the PTSD is real. The ping command itself is pretty simple for me to understand,
but using it to communicate with another machine is where I get confused. A couple of weeks ago, 
I attempted to set up a Windows VM honeypot with Kali as the attacker machine. For some reason, 
whenever I tried to do a communication test to see if they could hear each other, it just kept returning errors.
I spent hours researching and watching YouTube videos, but nothing worked for me. It sucks that I wasn't able to get it working, 
but I'll definitely try again in the future. Maybe this is the same pain pentesters & bug bounty hunters feel..

^^^
While writing this, I realized that I may have skipped important details in my research and didn’t take enough time to fully understand what I was learning. 
That’s due to my tendency to skip the tutorial process and dive straight into the action. I know that jumping in and trying to figure things out on my own can be fun, 
but if I had been a bit more patient, I probably would have solved the issue much sooner.
